# Introduciton

  According to statistics, there are 1.24 million deaths in traffic accidents worldwide each year, 91% of which occur in low- and middle-income countries. my country is also one of the countries that suffer the most from road traffic safety injuries in the world. In addition, in terms of health care costs for injuries and disability, the consequences have an impact on economic and social conditions. The traffic accident not only caused countless families to be broken, but also caused serious economic losses to the country and myself. The economic loss caused is equivalent to 1% to 2.5% of the GDP of the national economy.

# Business Understanding
  The economic losses caused by traffic accidents amount to hundreds of billions every year. Traffic accidents occur frequently, causing heavy casualties and property losses. The death toll caused by traffic accidents accounts for more than 90% of various accidents. The harm to humans has far exceeded the terrible disasters such as earthquakes, floods and fires. Authorities of various countries have conducted several studies on the actual causes behind the accident and have collected a large amount of data. By adopting an appropriate machine learning model, this data can be easily used to predict the severity of the accident based on the input data. The model can be trained and tested with the help of available data.
  The purpose of this vertex is to build a model to analyze the available data and use it as input to predict the severity of possible accidents under unavoidable and independent circumstances.
# The target audience of the project
  This project is particularly useful for the Seattle Police Department, traffic controllers and local residents who use roads to travel. The model is constructed using only general observations, so it is completely independent of the traveler's location. If given the appropriate input, the model should be able to predict the severity of the accident. This will highlight problems in road trips and help the authorities make the necessary arrangements. For travelers, this should make the driver more cautious during driving by raising the severity alert.
